# Files


## Compilation
To compile this program, all you need to do is run these commands :
```bash
make prepare
make
```
You only need to run the preparation once.


## Execution
To run this program, from the working directory, type :
```bash
./students [arg] [filename]
```
There are 3 arguments available for this program :

|  argument   |      description       |
|:-----------:|:----------------------:|
|    `-h`     | Display help           |
|    `-r`     | Read from file         |
|    `-w`     | Write to file          |

* Help can be called with or without a filename. In both cases it will show the help screen.
* Read and write need to be called with a filename. An error will be thrown otherwise.
* If you give too little/too many/unknown arguments, the program will refuse to run.


## Important information
Please, only try to read files that have been generated by the program. Failing to do so, the program should throw an error. <br>
If you really need to create a file by hand, the correct formatting for each line is : `firstName,lastName,age;`.


## Clean up
To remove the contents of the `bin/` directory, run :
```bash
make clean
```

To remove everything that is not source code, run :
```bash
make mrproper
```
This will delete the compiled program and the `doc/`, `bin/` and `save/` directories as well as all their contents. <br>
Note: If you run `mrproper`, make sure to run `prepare` again next time you compile.


## Create documentation
To generate the doxygen documentation, run :
```bash
make doc
```
This will generate a brand new `Doxyfile`, modify a few config lines, create the documentation in the `doc/` directory and delete the `Doxyfile`.


## Help
You can get a summary of these commands by typing : 
```bash
make usage
```